Agent readme (#1795)
fetchai/agents-aea: packages/fetchai/agents/car_detector/README.md

# Car Park Detector

This agent sells information on the number of car parking spaces available in a given vicinity.

## Description

> This agent is part of the Fetch.ai car park demo. It uses its primary skill, the `fetchai/carpark_detection` skill, to register its "carpark-availability-data selling" service on the `SOEF`. It can then be contacted by another agent (for example the `fetchai/carpark_clietn` agent) to provide its data. Once such aa request is made, this agent negotiates the terms of a deal using the `fetchai/fipa` protocol, and if an agreement is reached, it delivers the data after receiving payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This agent is part of the Fetch.ai car park demo. It uses its primary skill, the `fetchai/carpark_detection` skill, to register its `carpark-availability-data selling` service on the `SOEF`. It can then be contacted by another agent (for example the `fetchai/carpark_client` agent) to provide its data. Once such a request is made, this agent negotiates the terms of a deal using the `fetchai/fipa` protocol, and if an agreement is reached, it delivers the data after receiving payment.
```

Author: Done
